[tune] Directional metrics for components (#4860)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/tune-schedulers.rst

    tune.run( ... , scheduler=AsyncHyperBandScheduler())

> Tune includes distributed implementations of early stopping algorithms such as `Median Stopping Rule <https://research.google.com/pubs/pub46180.html>`__, `HyperBand <https://arxiv.org/abs/1603.06560>`__, and an `asynchronous version of HyperBand <https://openreview.net/forum?id=S1Y7OOlRZ>`__. These algorithms are very resource efficient and can outperform Bayesian Optimization methods in `many cases <https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~kjamieson/hyperband.html>`__. Currently, all schedulers take in a ``metric``, which is minimized or maximized according to ``mode``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tune includes distributed implementations of early stopping algorithms such as `Median Stopping Rule <https://research.google.com/pubs/pub46180.html>`__, `HyperBand <https://arxiv.org/abs/1603.06560>`__, and an `asynchronous version of HyperBand <https://openreview.net/forum?id=S1Y7OOlRZ>`__. These algorithms are very resource efficient and can outperform Bayesian Optimization methods in `many cases <https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~kjamieson/hyperband.html>`__. All schedulers take in a ``metric``, which is a value returned in the result dict of your Trainable and is maximized or minimized according to ``mode``.
```
